The Governing Body will continue
to do everything in our power
to provide the needed relief aid
to our dear brothers in these affected areas.
We love you very much.
And thank you for tuning in for this update.
I wish we could help.
Me too.
Oh! I have an idea.
Yes!
What is it, Sweetie?
Can I give this to our brothers
affected by the hurricane?
Of course you can.
We’ll put it in the contribution box on Sunday.
My piggy bank was empty.
I guess I can’t help.
There are many things you can do to help.
First, you can save some money for next time.
Second, you can think
about them and pray for them.
You know, Jesus felt the same way
when he was here on earth.
Do you remember what he said
when he helped the leper?
“I want to!”
Yes.
He did what he could to help others,
just like you.
That makes us very proud of you.